so just uh just a little bit about our
coaching program so on september 4th
we're gonna have uh uh more coaches
that'll be available for coaching
um it's about being a mirror so that you
can understand yourself better and the
cool thing and like this is what i
really like about our community is like
a lot of people like the boomer
generation thinks that we're lazy or
undisciplined or whatever but
in my experience actually when you when
you really give
um you know a gamer or someone from
twitch or like a millennial or gen z or
like when you actually
give them a game that's not rigged
against them and you like say like hey
man time to like play this game
um you guys knock it out of the park and
it's just
equipping you to help you do what you
were on this earth to do
which is to knock it out of the park
that's what coaching is
so on september 4th we're going to have
a lot of spots opening up
for people who are interested uh you can
sign up on the links that i submitted
so today we're going to be talking with
a guy who's spent eight thousand dollars
on dating coaching
and so i don't know what's up with this
um so we're gonna try to find out
so we're gonna hop in with atomic
welcome buddy and and what am i what am
i calling you
friend i'm alex
alex okay um yeah so i was just gonna
tell can you tell us a little bit about
uh you know i know there's sort of a
click-baity title which is that you
spent eight grand on dating coaching
and so um is there something in
particular that you want to talk about
today alex
um yes um i guess probably a good
direction would be like in line of like
i can say like what would be like a
better way for me to learn how to like
get better at like
uh connecting with people or i was like
what's kind of like blocking me in
particular
like when i say a thousand grand dating
coaching like a lot of people might
think it's not like one big company was
actually on
i spent eight thousand dollars on seven
uh personal dating coaches so i had uh
seven different dating coaches like
basically how it was ran they were like
um
they're like weekly uh skype training
like if you wanted me to go more into
detail into that
like there's definitely a huge variety
of like i kind of like how i did things
sure i mean but the but the issue here
is that like despite like
you know having like seven different uh
dating coaches i
still pretty much got rejected by
literally every single girl ever
approached
it's like they um never even like gave
me a chance pretty much
okay like and i was actually like um
like pretty clear on what my intentions
were like when i define approach like i
would um
i go up to them in person like um the
places where i would approach would be
like uh on campus for example i would
approach in
uh stores uh sometimes in bars but
right now i'm 20 years old so i'm under
21 so
it kind of it cost me extra money to get
inside of bars
but yeah so basically like like on the
streets like on campus
in stores and
okay yeah like i'm i'm struck by the
word approach
like it's like you're going in for a
bombing run
you know we're we're like on the
approach
does that it sounds kind of like oh yeah
another name for it is like sargeant
another name for it is what
a sergeant what does that mean
i might be wrong but it might be like a
like a military term
or something like you're approaching
women i'm not that aggressive with
um yeah i mean okay
so so a couple of things atomic so so
alex thank
thank you so much actually for coming on
stream today and sharing some of these
thoughts
um twitch hat feels and i wouldn't
recommend reading to a chat but twitch
chat feels like this is way too real
so i think it's something that a lot of
our you know a lot of
people on twitch struggle with so thank
you very much for sharing your
perspective
um and all offering yourself up on the
altar of sacrifice
for the the knowledge growth and
entertainment and lulls
of twitch um yeah so can you tell me a
little bit about
you know how you decided to get a dating
coach or
or kind of how does that happen
okay so basically like what made me get
a dating coach yeah so basically
the first time i uh uh
my first dating coach was like in my
senior year in high school like
like basically i was like you know
extremely lonely like
i also just like struggled with
socializing in general and i was like
even before that also like i watched a
bunch of video programs as well
i like talking to them and i was like
video programs about what
like um basically like pua but there's
also like
this weird nlp stuff where you're like
using language patterns
to like attract women what is
p-u-a and nlp uh so p-o-a
is basically like pick-up artists okay
and nlp
stands for neuro-linguistic uh
programming
so it's kind of like it's it's very
related to hypnosis but you're like
implementing it into like your language
to
um i guess hypnotize women but that's i
guess like more the
creepier side of uh sure
doing things yeah so i mean i understand
that it comes across as creepy alex but
i i like that you're
sort of representing it i think the way
that it's advertised right
that's sort of what they that's what
they set out
to do um and so you said that you'd
watched a bunch of videos so even before
we get to the dating coach when did you
start getting videos or start getting
interested in this stuff
i mean i'd say uh like my motivation was
just like
i completely like uh dissatisfied like
where i am right now
and when did you start to become
dissatisfied
and i guess with uh women with women in
general it was um
i think it started like just as early as
my freshman year in high school
okay and how old were you then
like when i was a freshman in high
school yeah maybe like
13 or something okay
so you were 13 years old and can you
tell me what
feeling dissatisfied felt like
uh i meant china i mean i was definitely
like um
like pretty lonely i mean i also kind of
felt like
like alienated because i felt like um
like i was being
like i didn't think of myself as like a
weird person but
even like let's say if it was just like
a normal group setting
like people ask me like um hey alex are
you doing like
now like say stuff and then like okay
they just
they would what
i mean it's like everyone else like
talks to each other very normally but
when people
talk to me it's just like normal like
how high is how was your day and like
yeah it's very good and
i kind of like have trouble with like
going beyond
like small talk sure so i guess i felt
inadequate
uh like with my ability to socialize
sure it was a great part of it yeah so
so you know you speaking of
neuro-linguistic programming
so you know let's how are you feeling
right now by the way alex
um i feel fine okay so you know it's
interesting because you kind of talked
about being in a normal group
and you also use the word like feeling
pretty
lonely and alienated so i'm wondering if
you sort of felt like an
outsider among normal people yeah
right very much and and everyone else is
sort of like doing this thing and it
sort of seems so like effortless they're
just like talking to each other
and and you don't it seems to me like
you felt like you were
inadequate at sort of being able to
engage with like other human beings on
kind of like
an authentic level
yeah pretty much and so what
that sounds
how did you understand that how did you
think about that like what did you
like because when we were faced with a
situation right like our mind tries to
make sense of it
how did you make sense of that
um
and then like and i kind of like felt
like there was like nothing in
particular
that seemed like like there was anything
wrong with me except that
like i just really like sucked at
connection with people how to socialize
like
like it felt like there was like some
thing that i'm like unaware of
and um
i've also i've always also been like
like treated very mainly
like um ever since i was a kid as well
so i'm kind of curious about that but
let me see if i
kind of understand you here so i'm kind
of trying to put myself in your shoes
and and maybe i was to a certain degree
at some point in my life and i i can
imagine that maybe you felt like
you couldn't see anything wrong with you
and it didn't feel like there was
anything wrong with you but
when you looked from the outside like
clearly there's something
like wrong with you you just don't know
what it is
like you can't see it you can't feel it
but when you look at the results of your
interactions
something's not adding up
um yeah that sounds exactly
right and and so that's got to be kind
of confusing because
you know you have evidence that
something's wrong but you have no
vision you can't detect what's wrong
um yeah and and what happens
in your mind when when you kind of come
to that conclusion
it's a hard question by the way because
i'm asking you to boil down a lot of i
think what has taken
years to kind of understand how do you
see yourself what's the conclusion that
you come to
oh so basically like what's my opinion
like on myself
sure
i mean i guess like if we're talking
about like
um yeah like when i was a freshman like
yeah i definitely uh
i used to like hate myself a lot i guess
like nowadays um
i'm to be honest i don't really like
kind of like have a relationship with
myself anymore although if i do look in
the mirror
like i'll have this reaction where i
kind of like just cringe so
on a very uh subconscious level i do
think
like i'm kind of like cringy and what is
cringy like
yeah basically it's like socially like
like inadequate okay
do you feel inadequate
um yeah i'd say yeah okay
that's some powerful stuff you just
shared man
um to hate yourself as a freshman to
look in the mirror and like at yourself
cringing
because i almost get the sense that you
catch yourself it's not something that
you actively do
but it's just like right yeah
yeah literally like a subconscious
reaction
yeah so some i may use the word visceral
there
so it's like because it sounds like
you're aware of it on some level right
it's like something inside you is like
oh like look at that [ __ ]
and then it kind of and then you like
your it sounds like you learned how to
push that way
and not let that be active
does that make sense um yeah that
definitely uh makes sense because if i
let me just try to put together what i
heard so you used to hate yourself
and now you said that you don't have a
relationship with yourself
and so but at this at the same time
sometimes you
catch those feelings of hate when you
look at yourself in the mirror
so that really feels to me like
suppression does that make sense
that it used to be conscious oh yeah
that makes sense and now it's become
subconscious but it's still there
and sometimes it pokes its head out
yeah totally yeah so what did you hate
yourself for as a freshman
yeah i think it was um definitely
because i
you know struggled with um things like
making friends and uh
it's like socialize in general
and like i felt like that was like the
one the one part of my life that i was
like very bad at
like i remember like when i was a kid
like my person was telling me i used to
be like extremely shy
but nowadays that actually doesn't apply
to me at all like i can
like go up to and approach women very
easily like even out in public
approach and like you know state my yeah
yeah and also i state my premise
and um what does that mean
so um in the pickup artists uh community
it's basically like letting her know
like what the whole conversation is like
all about like state your premise
like an example could be like
like if you're using a direct opener for
example you could be like
like while i thought you were very
beautiful wanted to come and talk to you
at that point she may realize that
you're trying to like seduce her but
also it could be like
like me asking her out or or i guess
like kind of
like trying to like pull her from like
the certain venue like
if she says like she wants to go to like
a free bird's brito place and i'm like
at the targets i'd be like oh i mean can
i come with your friends
or yeah basically like asking her the
one i did the most was just like
asking her for a number like to go on on
a date with her
okay and how does that work
what do you mean i mean does how does
that work out for you
yeah i mean basically um
the longest i have ever
i mean the okay yeah the farthest i've
ever been to
and with getting a woman was basically
she gave me her number and then she
literally like
goes with me so like i haven't really
even done like a
date before okay how does it feel to say
that
i guess i'm not sure like
believing i guess
what's relieving about it
and i kind of like
i'm not sure yeah so i'm asking you hard
questions alex you're doing a fantastic
job
and i think we're talking hard questions
yeah dude the simplest ones are usually
the hardest
the ones that have to do with
understanding ourselves it's really easy
to understand women right like the
pua folks have them all figured out far
harder to understand yourself
um i i didn't mean that as a dig
i hope you didn't take it that way but
it occurred to me that that came across
as a little bit condescending
did it feel that way to you
uh not really okay so you know it's
interesting
alex because i i can imagine saying i've
never really been on a date with someone
if you're you know live streaming on the
internet in front of thousands of people
what i would expect is that you would
feel shame
did you feel shame
honestly not at all yeah so there's
something really cool
with that right like that like there's
something very special and i think
something really important
about because if you ask i'm sure if you
ask people hey
what would you guys say about like going
on the internet
and live streaming your your you know
that you've never been on a date
and you feel relief and i think that's
something that's really really important
powerful and worth understanding
although i don't know we're gonna quite
get to it right the second
do you have any idea why you would feel
relief instead of shame
if not we can cover it at the end i'm
just kind of curious it's a hard
question
i mean i
i mean for one i guess i don't really um
feel shameful about you know wanting to
get better with women
good for you like i know like a lot of
people think that makes you a creep and
a lot of people you know call me a creep
butts
i know that i'm not really you know i'm
not doing anything
that's bad like i'm not like i'm not
harassing anyone like
like
so yeah okay
man alex sorry if i'm bouncing around a
little bit but there's like a lot of
what you're saying that i think has
immense value and there's a lot to
understand
um is it if is it okay if we kind of go
back to like
earlier and then sort of maybe do a
little bit of a timeline
so you said that you used to hate so you
used to hate yourself as a freshman
and and that was because you had trouble
talking to people
yeah i definitely what did you hate
about yourself
what did you hate about yourself i mean
oh yeah i heard the question i was just
like okay kind of thinking yeah
and i guess because like
i just it's like very socially awkward
pretty much okay
okay so that's so and then you said
earlier that you were treated meanly
can you tell us about that
i treated badly um yeah i definitely um
i was um when i went to like this
other school in elementary yeah i
basically
i used to live in a different state from
like you know uh
k through eighth grade then i i moved to
another states
you know you know for high school yeah
basically
yeah they keep the kids would like treat
me like very bad like
like especially like during a recess
like i was always
i guess like like all by myself
and other guys were like you know
playing basketball and
you know uh playing flag football and i
was like the only one like
not joining in
and what what can i mean it's not just
that but i mean they're also like
you know call me names and stuff what
would they call you
yeah i don't really want to talk about
that to be honest but okay
thanks for letting me know can i ask you
um i'm not going to ask you any more
questions about that
sort of but what i would like to
understand
is what makes you uncomfortable talking
about it is it okay if i ask that
um i mean i suppose
you're also allowed to say no
i want to respect your space man but i
think it's important
and if you want me to i'm happy to
explain why i think it's important
i mean it's kind of hard for like me to
describe like why it feels uncomfortable
like about talking talking about it yeah
can i tell you why i think you feel
uncomfortable
um yeah please so you know how early we
were talking about
how do you protect yourself alex from
the hate that you feel towards yourself
so how do i protect myself from like the
hate i feel for myself
what do you do you used to hate yourself
you don't
have a relationship with yourself
anymore right how do you protect
yourself from that
you push it away yeah yeah right so
this oppression you talked about perfect
so now i think the reason
that you're uncomfortable is because i'm
asking you to not suppress
i'm asking you to do the very opposite i
don't think any of this [ __ ] has
anything to do with women
so if we think about this so you ready
for the answer
i know we're only like 20 minutes in but
i've got an answer for you
do you want i mean it could be wrong so
more likely to be wrong because i'm
making a big judgment right
so i have a hypothesis so it's not an
answer that's actually arrogant
i have a hypothesis and i'm going to run
it by you and then i want to know what
you think and then if you're okay with
it we can explore it
i know everyone here is is being
voyeuristic because they want to hear
about this noob who spent eight thousand
dollars on dating coach et cetera et
cetera
we're not going to give them what
they're looking for we're actually going
to try to help you and help them instead
and get to the pickup artist stuff later
awesome so i want you to just
i have one question for you how do we
learn how to see ourselves
like you see yourself a particular way i
see myself a particular way
how did i learn how to see myself
i mean i suppose a lot of it can come
from like
your environments like yeah and you're
like
the stuff that like happens to you yep
right so so what were you taught
about yourself from k to eight
yeah basically like a bunch of negative
stuff like that
yep just like wouldn't fit in yep and so
how did you feel
at 13 you went to a new high school but
what did you know about yourself before
you even stepped into the door
what did you know about yourself alex is
a guy who doesn't
yeah i basically carried over the same
stuff yeah alex is a guy who
you know like isn't normal absolutely
and then you open yourself up to a
really dangerous thing
which is something called a confirmation
bias
so you start with the get-go before you
even step in the door
alex is a guy who doesn't fit in
everything else that you've tried to fix
that so you've tried to fix
that right like you've spent a lot of
time
and effort and and i don't think you're
like a creep i think
i think it's quite noble if you see a
weakness in yourself to try to get
better at it
i actually salute you for doing it but
let me ask you
another weird question alex
why don't if we try to fix something
and it doesn't get fixed what are the
reasons that it doesn't get fixed
so let me actually ask in a different
way sorry that's a too abstract of a
question so i'm a doctor right
sometimes as a doctor i use treatments
right and i use treatments to fix
problems with me
i know it's super simple
so if a treatment doesn't work what are
the reasons that the treatment may not
work
i mean it could be like you're trying to
treat like the wrong thing or something
abso [ __ ] lutely so now let me ask
you scientifically
if you're a guy who watches a bunch of
videos and spends eight thousand dollars
on dating coaching
and it doesn't work what are the reasons
for that
i wasn't i was like trying to focus on
the wrong thing
absolutely and that's like just logical
right because
this is a very well-developed system
you're clearly a smart guy
you've been trying hard you're not an
idiot
and it doesn't seem to be a work
and it doesn't seem to be working and so
my
sense actually is that this has nothing
you're not socially incompetent
i mean you may be on some level but you
know it sounds like you've actually
worked on those skills like
you used to be shy you even tell us
you've made progress and it's still not
working
which makes us kind of scratch our heads
oh you're uh
the mic is sometimes transmitting
so so like i just want you to think
about that because like you've overcome
your shyness you've learned how to
approach women those were things that
you used to struggle with
you've actually improved in the ways
that you perceived as your weakness and
it's still not working
which then suggests to me in a very
simple logical level that you're trying
to treat the wrong thing
and i think the thing that is broken
within you is not
and your diagnosis of yourself is based
upon something that is based on an
assumption or an experience that you now
try to actively ignore which is why like
nothing's gonna work
right doesn't mean that you can't get
better doesn't mean that you can't go on
a date doesn't mean you can't find love
and get married or
you know sleep with a bunch of women if
that's what you want to do like whatever
floats your vote
what i'm saying is that like something
about what doesn't seem to be working
and i think that's because you're like
solving the wrong problem
because all of this is laid on the
foundation that alex
isn't good at what
alex isn't good with people socializing
yep here's the crazy thing i don't
actually accept that as true
i don't accept that as true for a minute
because i think
that is not something that
in a sense is true it's not about you
it's about the way that people
treated you you had like
second graders telling you that you
don't fit in
and you may not have fit in it's not
untrue right because you didn't fit in
and they did believe
so it's like sort of true like you're
not an idiot but like i don't accept
that conclusion
that you formed before you turned 13.
and my sense is that if we can change
that conclusion if you can look at
yourself in the mirror
and not cringe at what you see because
like that's the [ __ ] problem like
whatever that thing is within you
like any time you approach or sarge a
girl
you can come up with all these [ __ ]
techniques but as long as that
rot is inside you i don't think
this is gonna work
what do you think about that yeah i
think
you know that definitely makes sense
like trying to work on like the um
at deeper levels yep good
i i think so so alex i i respect you
immensely
what do you think about that
um yeah thanks do you have any idea
first of all do you believe me
i mean i believe you why would i respect
you
i mean like i'm just like being like
open and like honest
yep that's certainly a part of it what
else
oh what could be
i'm sorry you said you don't know what
it could be
like what could it be yeah that's a
question right so now we get to another
important question i'm going to tell you
in a second but like
i want to notice i'm not sure if this is
just awkward and i'm putting you in a
weird situation but like
i'm trying to get a sense of whether you
can gauge
someone when someone looks at you what
do they see
what do you think
um and it's kind of like cartoon like
i like a hard question like what do you
mean yeah so so it's a very hard
question
so i i i wonder if on some level
when other people look at you what you
assume
is what they see is what you see when
you look in the mirror
which is someone who's like on the
surface doing a good job but underneath
is kind of cringy
is that how people see you
i mean it's a possibility that they
could see that yep it is a possibility
what do you think they see
do you know
i might and i kind of feel like at first
they like
just seemed like no real guy but they
like try talking to me like
yeah they yeah like once they start
talking to me like they might see
someone's just like cringy yep right so
so i'm gonna say what i said earlier
and try to map it on to what you said on
the surface
they see a normal guy and underneath
is cringy so you can pass for a normal
dude
until you start interacting right and
then what i do is i
i have this gold statue and i scratch
the gold a little bit and hold on a
second that's not gold underneath
looks like gold on the outside looks
normal
but underneath scratch it a little bit
engage with a little bit
and inside is alex cringy
and so that's not what i see
i can see because i i don't think that's
actually what
they see i think that's what you think
they see
and you think you're cringy and
therefore
they see cringy
i see a guy who tries i see a guy who's
smart
i see a guy who's dedicated and who's
trying to make himself a better person
and i tend to judge the pua scene so
apologies for that that may not
be fair of me but at the end of the day
i see a dude who [ __ ] gives a [ __ ]
and tries to make his life a little bit
better than it is
i see a dude who says hey this is a
problem that i have and i'm not willing
to accept it i want to change it
and mad respect man i can get behind you
a hundred percent for that
open and honest and all that [ __ ] like
you know balls of steel for coming on
stream and all that stuff is there too
but at the end of the day alex i'm in
your corner because i think you're
trying to become better than what you
are
and you're not taking it taking it
laying down
you're not like saying oh woe is me
you're saying like i'm going to try to
do something about it
but i don't know if you see that in
yourself do you
i mean i mean maybe like i mean to the
to a degree yeah but i also like kind of
like see someone like
like who's like basically like a hard
case
i guess that makes any sense yep
makes a lot of sense
not quite hopeless but damn near close
does that make sense
i'm good yeah so i'm going to say it in
a different way
you're a guy who's not willing to give
up despite the fact that you're hopeless
does that make sense
um yeah it does yep so let's be honest
because i think you think you're
hopeless
but you're not willing to accept it
hard truth to face yeah that's
how does it feel to hear that that's
true
and feels good it's
[ __ ] [ __ ] weird though right here
i
am telling you alex you're a guy who has
no hope
and you're like that feels like
i think that how does it work man
i don't know it's weird
what are you feeling right now
i feel pretty good okay what does that
mean pretty good
um
kind of like uh pretty happy like pretty
relieved i guess
yeah right so so can i toss out a word
do you feel
unburdened
less heavy i'm not trying to put words
in your mouth but it seems like
yeah less time yeah yeah yeah less
heavier
definitely a good one yep okay so
alex on the one hand i don't want to
lead you and on the other hand sometimes
you know i've been doing this a little
bit for a little while now so sometimes
i can
guess based on how people are feeling is
it okay if i sometimes
prompt you with words if you can't find
the right one until we find what you're
feeling
that's all right okay so now alex we
come to a really
difficult fork in the road
so the question is so i i said earlier
that i'm going to respect your choice
not to talk about your upbringing but it
is my belief that that's
the foundation of all this [ __ ]
so i'm going to give you a choice i
think it would be productive to talk
about and at the same time i want to
respect you it doesn't have to be now it
doesn't
could be different place different
person whatever but i think that's where
the money is
and i wanted to explain to you you know
why i was asking about that
or we can talk about you know the
experience of dating coaching
pickup artists nlp
you know what it's like to work with
seven coaches what kind of stuff you
wanted to talk about i think both of
those
would be very educational i think one
is going to be for twitch and one is
going to be for you
and so i leave that to you
well which one do you uh i think i
should do like
if you want me to talk about the
upbringing stuff i could try to
like do a little bit more if that's what
you want
if not then i can also talk about your
stuff that like either way is good
yeah so so i i do think we should talk
about k through eight because what i
want is to help you so every time when i
stream with someone
i try to help the person that i'm
talking to the most and that's
my true north and at the same time
you know i want to respect your
boundaries but like i really think that
like because like you said
the day you walked in to ninth grade
you already knew there was a
self-fulfilling prophecy
and everything that you've built on that
assumption
is like your strategy for life and when
every you've built this
beautiful skyscraper on a false
foundation
and so anything that you try to do to
fix anything
in that skyscraper is just based on a
fundamentally flawed
foundation and i think that if you can
okay okay i'll talk about it
okay so what is up it's very like um
like like one of the things that they
call me is like um like a [ __ ]
okay
and and what what what would make them
say that
i mean i was i mean to be fair like
a k through like seventh grade
i mean i wasn't the best student but by
starting like the eighth grade
then into high school like i actually
became like uh
like a straight a student and actually i
don't think it has anything
to even do with grades like they just i
think it was basically like
and i just like felt very shy and stuff
and
and like i'd say the best word to do is
like maybe like social incomes like
maybe
sure and like maybe they perceived that
as being like less intelligent
sure like even though i wasn't really
left intelligent i was actually you know
a very good student
yeah and so they just saw something
about you and they they chose to pick on
you
and then how did you feel about yourself
when they would call you these things
do you remember
i mean definitely like very a terrible
like
i also felt like very alienated like
back then like we had like
like back then it was actually very
small school
like one time i decided not to like sit
with them
and yeah that felt very awkward because
sitting by myself so then i had to go
back to scene with him
just so i could like be seen with other
people yeah
like does that like kind of like answer
the question beautifully
alex beautifully
i think you share you share a lot
with a very small story what i see is a
kid who's stuck
[ __ ] either way right
either you like sit with the abuse
and you're alienated with them or you're
alienated by yourself
but what i see is a child who is
has an inescapable truth that either way
you're alienated
does that make sense
um yeah it makes uh perfect sense and so
then you learned
how to act right so i'm also hearing
something really important there which
is that like
when you were hanging out when you went
back the next day and sat at the table
what was that like can you tell us
tell us a story alex you're a very good
storyteller
can you just tell us a story about you
know being in elementary school
just something that jumps out about like
maybe feeling alienated or feeling fake
well basically um it was like 15
different guys versus one
so in that regards i was like a little
bit like
intimidated because like are they gonna
like mess with my food and stuff
like it wasn't that like i wasn't tough
or anything
but i feel like one guy against like 15
people like obviously
i'm not going to lose no matter what
yeah and what did you do because you
were going to lose no matter what
yeah basically not even like try
interesting what would trying look like
um what do i look like exactly i mean
i mean kind of hard to say but
and i just like didn't know what to do
like
okay
so i respectfully disagree with
something you said a little earlier
so 15 versus one what's the point in
trying
feels hopeless right
it's impossible feel familiar
we talked about that before oh yeah
and here's the crazy thing i don't think
you you gave up on trying
i think you tried anyway
because like that's what sitting back at
the table is the second day
giving up is moving by yourself
and then going back and sitting with
them even though they bully you
that's not giving up that's
trying in the face of hopelessness
what do you think about that
yeah i think that makes perfect sense so
this is who you are and this is what i
respect about you
because you're a guy who says [ __ ] it
right even though it's painful and i
make it sound glorious and the movies
make it sound glorious
the truth is that it's horribly painful
and is scarring and traumatic
but you tried anyway
and then you said i didn't know what to
do
now let me ask you something alex when
it comes to approaching women
would you that feeling of like being
different
and being hopeless and not knowing what
to do
do you carry that with you when you
approach a woman
um yeah precisely it's also part of the
reason
also part of the reason why i have to
stick to these like
dumb routines yeah but the dumb routines
don't seem like they're working right so
we'll get to those in a second
but here's the problem like i i don't
know how else to say this alex but
the things that hold you back today and
that you carry with you
are your words precisely
what you felt years ago and so here's
the really cool thing
if you deal with those feelings this
entire skyscraper
is going to come tumbling down
your problems with women i know this
sounds [ __ ]
in a sense will vanish
because they're not problems with women
they're problems with you the reason
that i think women reject you is because
when they scratch beneath the surface
what they see is what you are and as
long as you believe that that's what you
are
that's what they're going to see
and so occasionally you may find someone
who has like a lot of compassion
and who may pity you but that's not
going to be a healthy relationship
and it's just not gonna and those women
get turned off by the pickup artist kind
of approach like the chad approach
sarge like they got turned off by that
kind of stuff
you know like you know i mean i think so
much of what you say about like what you
feel today
i think was born a long time ago and now
i'm gonna tell you why i think it's
bizarre that you feel
relief when basically if you take
what i say to you out of context i sound
like a complete [ __ ]
i'm saying no man you don't have a
little bit of hope you're [ __ ]
hopeless
right like and then and then it's like
how do you feel when i say that
because that's a mean thing to say right
and and yet you feel really because
here's the thing
i think what we're doing is we're
sitting with that feeling and i'm not
rejecting you
because what happened is you used to be
awkward and people used to punish you
for it
and what feels relieving what feels
heavy is like you know like there's a
part of you that has been
beaten over and over and over again and
so
flinches whenever you face these
feelings or these thoughts
and it can feel very relieving when you
say something that you used to get
beat for and someone doesn't beat you
like oh [ __ ]
huh
what do you think about that
that makes uh perfect sense okay
can i think for a second sure
now i don't know where to go i feel like
i blew my load way too early
because usually this happens at the end
and someone pries oh my god
okay so it makes perfect sense so i
think we've figured something out
another question is what we do about it
do you have questions by the way
uh not at all actually like
yeah definitely
i hope helps a lot how does it help
yeah well now i know like basically like
let's do a
focus on i definitely
i fix all the inner stuff yep
how do you do that
how do i do that i mean
yeah yeah so basically like yeah like
rebuilt like the foundation on like how
i
like see myself like the stuff like i
got taught like back then
i basically like declutter that yep
so this is the first thing that i wrote
i don't know if you can see this can you
read that
external solution plus internal
problems yeah so external solutions to
internal problems
this is the first thing that i wrote
this is your problem
you look to dating coaches and websites
and videos and things like that
to fix what's inside
and that's why it doesn't [ __ ] work
because it's just like you're putting
all of your energy in the opposite
direction
here's the crazy thing alex i don't
think you have a problem talking to
women
the even crazier thing is that you agree
do you say i used to be shy but i'm not
anymore i can actually go up and talk to
women
the problem is what you show them
and what you show them is what you are
and on the surface you can maintain a
front for some amount of time but
eventually the scratch beneath the
surface
and they see something rotten on the
inside
and this is like this is what the entire
anyway yeah i think the whole pickup
artist like approach is like
based on this fundamental misnomer and
the thing is it works for some people
right like
you get some kinds of outcomes and if
you roll the dice enough you're gonna
get people to like
hook up with you but my overwhelming
experience talking to people who have
done all this pickup artist stuff
is that like one in ten seems to do like
way better
but nine out of ten don't seem to get
much out of it
i don't know if you would agree or
disagree with that
i think it definitely makes sense yeah
so like i i think i think this comes
this starts alex with like
if you believe
that you're an alien
when you interact with another human
being they're gonna be able to sense
that
especially women and by especially
there's
actually data that suggests that their
brains are somewhat different and don't
overread into this crap
by all means but human beings are
empathic
and oftentimes men are conditioned to be
less empathic
and women are not conditioned in the
same way i think a lot of it is
conditioning
and so on some level they pick up what
you have underneath the surface
and then something about this entire
thing sounds super artificial to me
the approach
[Music]
and it's like you're like it's like a
bombing one it's like
you know and then the girl gives you the
number and then ghosts you it's like
like i'd say that what you got to do
is like have a conversation with someone
don't try to get laid just like
go out and meet people don't try to pick
up women
just meet people and that's what
terrifies you because like that's what
you did when you were in kindergarten
it's like you tried to just have friends
and boy did you get burned and so it's
way
easier when you stop thinking about them
as people and start thinking
about them as what term do they use
i can't say that again what term well
what how do they refer to women
in the circles that you like the target
like um yeah that's definitely one of
them like sometimes we call them like hb
eight or nine which stands for like hot
babe nine
yeah right so like like here's the thing
like you dehumanize them
because then alex the molding
so you your brain has this idea that
like when i interact with humans
they treat me like [ __ ]
and if i don't treat them like humans
then that previous programming doesn't
apply here
it's a whole new ball game does that
make sense at all or not so much
that definitely makes sense right so
then you're playing a game
it's a game it's not about like me being
a human and them being human
it's like i'm an avatar of a chad and
they are the hp
8 or 9. and so it's like a story it's
like a role play
and like the cool thing about stories is
we get to be
people that we're not
and so it's very appealing what i would
love though is if you could just be
yourself and be okay with that because i
don't think you're a [ __ ] up man
you're 20 years old you've got plenty of
time bro trust me
okay questions other questions
um not really that yeah definitely uh
cleared a ton a ton of things up for me
thanks
yeah you're very welcome um i'm torn a
little bit between so i've got a couple
we've got a couple options one is we
still have some time do you want to
continue talking
yeah definitely okay so here's here are
two or three options one is we can talk
a little bit about practicalities so how
does one go about the process of
cluttering
but i do find myself i kind of like
derailed you from you know talking about
the videos and the pickup artists and
the dating coaches
which i think people are curious about
i'm still curious about those
so i i mean can we still talk about that
and that that philosophy and approach
okay
so um you said you started talking about
oh you said you started watching lots
and lots of videos
so can you tell us about those videos
um yes um i have like a
ton of those programs probably like a
terabyte
to be honest like that much um
if i had to go back to the very first
program i watched
yeah i was basically like a guy
interviewing like a
bunch of women and then like telling us
like how to like
like get like that specific grown stuff
and like there are also like other um
programs
like when i watched last year it was a
i guess i focused on mindsets and that
they're like these other
i mean there are a lot of different
programs like uh nlp
programs are
yeah those are those are those ones are
probably like
the creepier ones because they rely on
you
basically like spitting up these
so-called language patterns
um which relies on using your like
hypnotic language like like one of the
examples like they used
like it like if a girl had like some
sort of pendant
like you go up to her and the guy was
really talking for like three minutes
straight
like like as the opener and it doesn't
make any sense like
like if i just went up to a random one
start talking to her about about like
her pendant for like three
consecutive minutes like she would just
leave
i don't know if so they're also like
we're also
i told you i'm saying what did i think
that's gonna do
um it's basically you're trying to like
use these so-called triggers
like these psychological triggers like
like use like methods such as like the
um fractionation and stuff
i just can you explain that to me please
a fractionation
oh man i i forgot like the best
definition for it
but i'd say more than like the
implementation
of using in in language it's like
it's like kind of like a roller coaster
language like you're saying something
that kind of like evokes
like negative feelings at first but then
you like say something that invokes like
positive feelings and then
like it's it's like not just a straight
line because
because women supposedly find just the
same emotion repeatedly like being
a boring thing but if you have like
these mixed feelings it makes you sound
more interesting
that's so i mean those were i mean those
are the most technical ones but they're
also like books
um i'm just like trying to just give you
like a quick summary of like
yeah i appreciate that like i think it's
it's pretty it's really helpful alex
thank you
so are you mentioned books
um yeah there are like a ton of books as
well
any any kind of takeaways from the book
can you help me understand what kind of
stuff they talk about or what they cover
i mean the books
i mean like a book in a program can like
kind of
teach the same thing mindset wise i
guess
i feel like a pro the advantage with
like video programs that can
like you know hear people like like
giving examples like
they're like saying the actual things we
also have this thing called like
infield like video footage where like
you're seeing
basically the mentor like like applying
to the
so-called uh principles like
like into real life basically who's we
said we have this thing called infield
video footage who's we
oh yeah that pick up yeah community
okay can you tell me about that
community
i mean i mean i mean obviously the good
thing is about that we're like just here
to improve ourselves like really
i mean the only for the most part the
most negative thing is
obviously bad advice like what the most
common
one the most common advice i see that's
like pretty bad is just
at least i realize that even more right
now is definitely they always say oh no
you just have to approach
like just have to like keep approaching
like thousands
of women like there's like there's this
one a giant company that advocates like
like you have to approach like at least
a thousand girls in order to like get
decent
okay i mean that that makes sense no
practice makes perfect
i mean it does but it didn't really work
for me
you've approached a thousand women
i've i've approached uh 300
holy [ __ ] dude that's a lot
that's got to be yeah tough
to get rejected 300 times
something i mean yeah i mean i was
especially like
i mean i was definitely uh pretty
nervous like doing it at first
but then you kind of like just get used
to it
like you get desensitized basically yeah
you seem like a desensitized kind of
dude
what do you think about that
can i share with you why i think you're
getting
why i think you're doing that it's
actually kind of wondering that
yep um so i think a lot of times
you can't describe what you're feeling
but when i put words to it you can say
yeah that's it
right so that suggests to me that like
you've
you just don't quite know like you sort
of can face the feeling but you don't
really have like
you're it's almost like you're
colorblind when it comes to looking
within yourself
which is what i think gov is someone
who's desensitized but with
a little bit of help you can learn what
it is that you're feeling
and the interesting thing is that so
that then that begs the question how do
i know what you're feeling
if you don't know what you're feeling
how do i know what you're feeling and
that turns out that just like women
you actually signal a lot more stuff
than you realize
and if you've got a good receiver on the
other end i see the color inside you
you just don't skin but you're still
giving it off because it's not like i'm
psychic or something right
you're actually giving it off quite
strongly so like you tell a story
like that story about the cafeteria was
beautiful i mean it's a terrible story
like awful to listen to but it was
beautiful in terms of like there's
so much color and meaning and feeling
in that story
i'm sorry did you want to jump in i
wasn't quite sure
i know i was just listening to you but
yeah that i feel like
makes a perfect sense yeah
um okay so so there there are
videos coaches the pickup artist
community and so when did you start
coaching when i started coaching
that was and my first coach was um
senior year in high school okay and how
did you decide to
seek out a coach
i definitely dissatisfaction with where
i currently have meds
dissatisfaction meaning what
what were you dissatisfied with i was
just satisfied that
you know i wasn't like i couldn't
socialize i
was also like also dissatisfied with the
fact that i
couldn't get any women or they're
particular so you know
oh yeah definitely were you in love
i know i definitely had a uh huge
case of uh like one nitis with this girl
for like
like at least four years but what
constitutes being in love like
i'm not really sure what that means what
is
also kind of like
it's basically where yeah there's like
this one girl like
i mean i guess in your terms like you
could call like being in love but i
don't know it's like
basically you're only focused on like
one woman pretty much
when you say your terms who is the you
i just meant like like you said like was
i in love
like i don't really know what kazu was
being loved like maybe i
just had a huge crush on her but one
nidus
it basically plays like you're
overthinking about this
one girl for like way too long i think
that's probably like
like the better definition for it do you
know what the
the suffix itis means
itis means like inflammation yeah
its interesting right so what we
call love you call a disease
oh that's right
so like uveitis is like
inflammation of the uvea rhinitis
allergic rhinitis do you know what
allergic rhinitis means
inflammation of
like like an allergic reaction yep it
means allergies
it's the colloquial problem right
so rhinitis means nose so when you have
like seasonal allergies as your nose is
stopped up
we develop our own terminology to
separate ourselves from the rest of
society and we call it allergic rhinitis
and we feel smarter than everyone else
by doing so
but i think i never appreciated until
this moment that
what some society calls love it sounds
like the pickup artist
community treats like a disease
so what is so what i just sounds like a
bad thing
like in the pickup artist community how
do they describe one itis what do they
say about it
and i'm not saying like the pickup bars
community is bad or anything like
like like it's like we're going to sense
that we are like out here to improve
ourselves but yeah yeah but when idiots
in particular
owen itis
i guess like we have like these red uh
pillish like views like on women like we
um like if we focus on one girl
i guess another things could be bad like
number one
um yeah we should number one like we
should have in a
we should have like an abundance of
women
to talk about like there's like always a
lot more women
and number two like i guess at least in
my perspective if you're like
like always focus on one woman if you're
like extremely nervous
like maybe you'd be like less likely to
get her or something
okay i mean i guess like one night is
basically like limits
like you're
like it basically limits you because
there's like
a ton of other women in the sea so i'd
say that's basically why the reason why
it's a bad thing because
like you should have abundance and you
should
i know your options like if a girl
doesn't you know like you then
i mean you should learn to deal with
that and
having one nightis i guess could be like
like you're not like you're still too
attached to her basically like
just don't become attached to one person
but what if i
i really like her though
i feel like
i mean if you really like her yeah
basically
i try to like interact with her but if
it doesn't work out though
i mean bad thing with keeping the one
nice like
it's gonna be too attached it's gonna
like prevent you from seeing the other
options
i i think that attachment leading to
suffering is not something that
is new right so there's
potentially the original if we say that
that's a hallmark of the red pill
community
you know who is the founder of the red
pill community
who also preached that attachment leads
to suffering
you should let go of attachment
any idea
there's this guy named buddha
buddha he agrees for what that's worth i
don't know if he'd like agree with the
rest of it but
the general principle that being overly
attached to something
is what causes suffering is like
something that he's been saying for a
couple thousand years
um okay so so it sounds like you
had one itis for a girl how do you what
do you think about that now
honestly i feel like i was a little
creepy for
liking her because i barely even
interacted her
like i like i did
i mean like technically i did but
i don't know it it just is what feels
creepy about that
like i i know it's like like usually
you're supposed to like someone if
you've like talked to them
like for quite a bit i mean obviously
doctor i mean like at least a little bit
but
yeah yeah so
um alex i think that's actually a really
important point do you mind if i ask you
a few more questions about that just to
illustrate a couple of things
sure so help me understand like
you know if you haven't interacted with
her much and and
you know what did you think about her
and where did those thoughts come from
because your situation is not unique
right
like i myself caught one itis for
someone when i was
16 years old and saw this person
once and like i still remember the
moment that i saw her which was that i
was walking by a picnic table
and she was walking in the opposite
direction with one of our friends
and i remember feeling like i got
punched in the chest by like an elephant
and i still remember that moment i
caught some really bad one-itis
that's the best way i can describe it
and so how how does that happen
what happens like what did you think
about her and what is that one night is
based on
i mean i mean i guess i like
kind of like notice like things about
her
i mean i mean that like personality wise
i mean i also thought she was very
beautiful but yeah
like you know she just like kind of
seemed
like she'd be like my type or something
what was it about
i mean i guess there's like one thing
about personality can't really
i mean kind of hard to describe to be
honest
which i mean she was also like very
sweet
how did you know she was sweet
it's just like something to pick up on
you know
explain that to me how do you pick up on
it
um and it's like
kinda hard to describe
what does it feel like thinking about
her and talking about her
i guess it feels kind of what feels good
about it
i'm not sure okay
i i wonder if it can just feel good to
acknowledge what you have on the inside
does that make sense like just calling
it what it is
not saying it's good not saying it's bad
but i i notice you know your face is
changing a little bit like you like when
you talk about her like you start to
grin
this yeah it is
yeah um do you feel the what is coming
back
as we talk about her
i mean maybe like a tiny bit but
because you did say that you had it for
four years so it sounds like you're over
it now
i mean yeah i'd say so yeah
and so you said red pill can you tell us
what that means
i mean i mean i guess it's
i wish i'd use like red pillow described
god use it to like describe what it is
i mean i kind of think that's where it
comes from like just like a
way of thinking i'm i'm not really
that much identified with like different
pills
okay and
but can you explain the general concept
behind red pill
i think i think blue pill is just like
is it blue pose just like what everyone
else is
um a red pill would probably come like a
simp or something
i guess okay a red pill
could be identified with the guys
like or you know like actively trying
not to get women
and then the black pill are just the
guys like completely given up
okay so so red pillars don't try to get
women
i said they i said they do oh they do
and blue pills
do try to get women or don't try to get
women
i mean okay blue pill i say
um believing like this uh like courting
like courting stuff like you have to
like quote a woman like
take her out on like three dates before
like you can even
you know do stuff with her
yeah okay so so if you're in love you're
a blue pillar
and if you have one itis you're a red
pillar
i mean probably okay thanks for
clarifying i'm not i'm not i'm not the
most familiar with it
with the pills but i think that's very
general concepts
okay so it sounds like you're more
familiar with the pickup artist
scene
um yeah definitely okay so how did you
find
a coach
yeah definitely um that first one
definitely uh online
epis i taught me to go like coach by
coach
like i had seven like different coaches
yep so let's talk about the first one
what was how did you find them and what
did they teach you
okay well the first one uh believe it or
not
um that one was a girl
a girl dating coach uh the other six
weren't but
it's what she taught me like i mean
don't get me wrong like she was very
nice like she tried to help
oh yeah how i found i found her like
this kind of websites
it's like you submit your form and then
like don't get you wrong she was trying
to help what does that
mean i mean she was trying to help with
stuff she taught was like
like you know this is what a question is
this is what a statement is like
like stuff that's like everyone like
already knows
okay
trying to teach like like basically
common sense
like okay so it sounds like it wasn't
that helpful
i don't a second one
that basically um found the same way but
it was uh
basically like how's it
okay so the last one like it was like a
small company that had like different
dating coach they just assigned me to
one
dating coach the second one it was just
the guy owned his own website so it's
basically like justin
and what he did was that he made me keep
like this um
a journal to like record my interactions
then i would basically discuss it with
him
like on skype and actually take me
some pretty interesting advice to be
honest
can you give us an example of
interesting advice
i can recall one of them like uh
recalling like uh telling stories
like he gave me like this metaphor
of like a newspaper you've got like the
article the headline
like i like i basically um when i'm
talking to the girl like i you know i
say like
like the interesting line to like kind
of spark or interest i go into explain
it and the problem i just did
was i would just say oh hey i did this
and i did this
and basically i would only it would only
last like like two or three senses but
basically did it like you know we got
the
art article um you know to grab your
attention they got
you know actually telling like a real
story basically
okay okay the third one the third one
oh my god that one was the most
uh expensive one yeah
it was uh three thousand dollars for
that one it was a basically
a uh three month coaching program
and they did it like i did get
individual
individualized coaching uh by the main
coach
but it was also like in a group-like
setting
where like we interacted on this
platform with
actually all these other students like
doing the coaching program
and another interesting thing was that
we had these missions
where an example of mission would be it
could be related to getting women like
get a phone number from a girl or
um ask a girl to help
pick clothes for you or something uh go
on an incident with a girl is another
one
we also had like more confidence-based
ones such as
like breakdance in public
yes i was so i basically like asked
someone to record me like
break dancing in the mall i mean dude
yeah that's cool man
yeah i mean i mean it definitely did
help with confidence
i literally it was just like all of
these
i was really like that's [ __ ] awesome
bro you know how to break
it yeah
that's really cool anyway keep going so
this is the 30 000 of them
to help some with confidence yeah that
yeah that program cost me three thousand
dollars that was the most expensive one
i mean a lot of other things like advice
would just give out was honestly
stuff i already knew from youtube like
take cold showers
and stuff how does that help and
um i mean i guess it could like
strengthen your will a little
when i say well i don't mean like low
power but
just like enduring i guess it could be
like
similar to approaching like like it
could compare to like jumping in the
pool but also you have this
a thing where like we um
like you did like individualized
sessions but i also kind of had like
group online sessions like um like we
did a video chat on skype where
like there was a segment where like the
main coach actually brought his girl out
to interact with her
and yeah i would basically get like one
or two minutes on the timer to
like try to start a conversation with
her like talk to her
yeah basically more like observational
otherwise but what made me
like very mad though was that i was
literally on my last group session
and i i could barely even like hold a
conversation for like
10 seconds and the guy was like oh my
god
like you dude so awesome alex like did
so well and that was like literally
after like three months
like like i know it's i know
like i know he was like trying to be
nice to me and stuff but like he also
it just wasn't very honest you know
like i was still obviously struggling a
lot
and i know and the biggest thing i got
from that program is i
of course i gained a lot of confidence
but i kind of you know expected a lot
more
and then hold on a second what made you
i know that
i mean like feels like kind of
i mean like i literally it was like
my last my very last session like after
three months
like i like skill wise i didn't really
improve that much
and he and like he saw that like i could
like i was doing so pathetic like trying
to talk to
you know this girl on the video tracks
and
kiss girl
yeah to simulate the approach but like
he was it was like kind of like
like being fake you know like and and
after that's
like after the chat he was like trying
to like get me on a sale to pay
thousands of more dollars to continuous
coach and i was like no
how did that make you feel
yeah very mad what were you mad at
i kind of like i kind of like expecting
more you know
i think it's more than that
i think you felt like maybe you got
taken advantage of
it's interesting so if i can point
something out to you
this is the first time in an hour and
25 minutes or so that you've used
a word that describes an emotion
is that's true i maybe i missed one
earlier
but usually when i when i ask you about
emotions or when we talk about emotions
your answer is i don't know and then if
i help you out some you can you'll say
yeah that's what it feels like
but man like you i like go back and
watch the vod dude like you can see it
in your face
like something he said the next one
three thousand dollars like we knew
something was wrong and what you it
sounds like you
like he was trying to squeeze you for
more money is that what it felt like
like he's giving you all this false
praise and then be like oh yeah like
you're doing great like all you need
is three more months of coaching just a
few thousand dollars more and you're
going to get to where you want to go bro
you're on the right path
now alex you mind if i ask like so so
like when you worked with let's say the
fourth coach or the fifth
coach or the sixth coach or the seventh
coach did you ever tell them by the way
i've
worked with four coaches before and i
haven't really gotten anywhere
i i did and what how did they respond to
that
the one after the third coach he was
like yeah man i
am the real dude and and the guy after
that
it was like it was like okay yeah
um well that oh that's okay let's
and i guess they weren't like too
so as many of them weren't like too
surprised really to be honest
sorry i don't mean to laugh but if
they're not too surprised does that mean
that like
that happens a lot where like clients
come to them and say hey i've worked
with a bunch of coaches
and nothing has worked and they're like
no big deal man
i'm the real dude
i mean yeah yeah the next guy had a
really had an extremely big ego
okay sorry do you feel am i do you feel
like ashamed or anything if i laugh
dude no no not at all okay i'm just i'm
surprised by the absurdity of this whole
system which thank you very much by the
way for explaining some of the stuff and
shedding some light on it but i'm just
curious because it's like you know what
does the fifth dude say when you're like
hey i worked with four people
and he's like yeah give me that money
i'm different anyway sorry
okay so you were saying like so what was
yeah
i mean that was how all of them
responded like like some of them were
obviously a lot nicer than that
but that but but that reaction
definitely applied to the next one like
he was
like very awful how so what does that
mean
yeah you yeah dude that he was like very
like verbally
abusive and he would like get mad at you
like like over like the dumbest
like stuff like stuff that like doesn't
even matter and also
like i literally had like like three
sessions left and
and he was like we're done coaching and
he literally
just canceled our coaching without a
refund and why did he cancel our
coaching like he literally
like accused me of um interacting with
like a third party like i was like some
sort of
secret agent and um i actually i had a
coach who did
i had a coach later who did a coaching
strategy with him
he also like i did this product with him
so like he's known him
like he used to be best friends with him
but he was like yeah dude like
that guy is probably like that dude is
schizophrenic
like like he was like extremely the
fourth coach was just like extremely
insecure and paranoid and
i wonder what the qualifications to
become a dating co-chart
interesting okay yeah i'm sorry that
happened to you i mean
i really i mean yeah like really
obsessed me like to this day
what upsets you about it
well part of it is that he actually does
have a few like very good testimonials
and like i'd listen to them and
like it could like hear from the way
they come across like they've
like actually become like very good and
charismatic
and i've actually found out like months
after taking the coach
that there were other guys who had like
plenty of other guys there like
had the exact same experience as me
the gulf of reddit but yeah i just
like i just didn't know how to like like
deal like deal with it
to deal with him it doesn't sound like
many people do
sounds like a hard guy to deal with
maybe another one of those situations
where maybe he's got internal problems
that he's dealing with externally
by yelling at people who give him money
for coaching
so that was he was coach number five
ford
four what about five six and seven any
anything stand out there
number five i mean it was actually
generally a nice guy
i mean he wasn't surprised but not in
like my cocky way like yeah i am the
real dude
like um that guy
like i did like he did a coaching pay by
my month
so it wasn't like an entire like three
month package
and like like his style was like a lot
more um
technical stuff like he made me do like
a lot of writing
pretty nice dude but uh by the time the
summer hits
and i just um i couldn't afford it
anymore
and some time has passed i have found
this
other coach who uh yeah he was the one
who
actually did the coaching our tradex
with the other guy we did a program with
him it was like best friends with
the fourth guy and yeah he was
a pretty good dude
and i've also um another one like after
that
uh his main focus was on mindsets
and stuff it's also more um
it does individualize sessions but it
also kind of like doesn't like a group
based
uh cyanozole but without learning
so so alex let me ask you something if
someone is like
struggling to find so let's
you you have a fair amount of experience
how you feel
you okay i feel pretty good
okay okay i've been holding this i've
been holding this stapler
to the to the do you want to switch
hands
don't know i feel i think i feel okay
talk about willpower
hold the stapler in your headphone jack
for like an hour and a half
um so let me ask you a couple questions
so let's say like so you've been through
this stuff for a while so let's say that
i'm a 17 year old guy in high school
who feels like an alien amongst my peers
and doesn't know how to talk to girls
what would you recommend to me
yeah definitely uh focus on the inner
issues
like especially good place to look like
like in my situation was like what
happened to me in my
childhood like um
i'm confused so you're telling me that
that what we talked about like an
hour ago is like what you're gonna share
with them you're not gonna share with
them anything that you've learned from
like
seven dating coaches
are you just playing nice or do you
actually think that
i say that again so i'm confused because
like you you seem to be talking about
in my perception what we talked about
but do you actually think that that's
the answer i was expecting you to say
something relating to like
what you learned from like seven dating
coaches
but that's not the answer that i'm
hearing unless you learn that from them
as well
i was trying to like tell you like the
answer like what i learned from you
but do you think that that's the best
advice for the 17 year old not what
you've learned from the dating coaches
or your advice don't worry i mean i'm
don't pick the thing just because i said
it i'm genuinely curious like what would
you offer them
and if it is look at yourself then
that's cool
i mean it's not just look at yourself
like i just
yeah okay so what i learned from the
seven gaming coaches
is like yeah definitely like be very
careful for like what you pay for
like i'd say um like a few stuff out
there is honestly pretty valuable
like one of them uh was like free
association like it had
helps you like practice your verbal
skills and stuff
i'm just saying like don't yeah i get
definitely like what you taught me
like an hour ago like definitely do that
first
but yeah you can also like yeah do the
other things i learned from day coach
like
yeah the free association stuff
i mean yeah they're i mean few obvious
things like they taught like you know
dress well
yeah so so it seems like there are there
are some practical things that you'd
share with them
yeah yeah definitely like there's yeah
definitely
some practical things but also like
obviously the mental stuff
yeah cool man
um anything that we sort of didn't
cover today that you wanted to talk
about or
any questions for me
any questions for you
i don't know well i got like
it's yeah i mean i'm not trying to
artificially shut things down i just
want to make sure that
we do have time because i i know i've
kind of been steering
and i want to give you a chance if you
do want to share anything
i'm getting the sense that's sort of
like talking about the remainders of the
details of the dating coaches feels kind
of redundant to me
is there something from those that you
want to share
like i mean like can you like be more
specific though
yeah so so um you know i'm
i'm let me put it this way like it
sounds like there are a couple of
important experiences but i felt like we
sort of got those from you
in terms of dating coaching is there
something else that you feel like is
important to share or lessons that you
learn from dating coaching
okay let me think oh yeah oh yeah
definitely
one of them is uh know what you want
okay like it could be like a bunch of
things like
you want a relationship do you
throughout the month
just want to um
like gain some experience at first and
uh don't be afraid to uh communicate
that
and another thing i guess about mindset
is um
like do not uh seek for your approval
and um
it's pretty good stuff don't be uh also
don't be outcome dependents agree with
all three of those things
but but i have a slightly different
twist on them can i share that with you
alex
all right so like the first thing is if
we're talking about not being outcome
dependent
that sort of clashes with the idea of
like getting laid in the approach
right because it's all about outcomes
you're targeting you're not sitting with
another human being and just seeing like
where this goes
it's like i'mma try to get laid that's
an outcome
does that make sense it is so so i i
think there's some
i hear that's okay um
there's something really i think uh
i think you're closing yourself off by
like
approaching 300 women instead of just
being you and i think that that's scary
to you because like
you learned a long time ago that being
you is not something that's
that people like you can switch hands
you can let go of the stapler and just
mute yourself if you want is that easier
and take a break i want you to hand
cramp
okay i'm doing a different way now feels
good okay okay
but i i mean if if i had to give you
some kind of advice alex which i try to
avoid
at all costs um it would say just like
just
be with people like don't worry so much
about like the dating and stuff like
that
unless you have one itis in which case
i'd say go for it bro
and honestly like like i
i know i mean i i know that one is can
get you into trouble and i do think that
there's a lot to be said for sort of
because you said that you didn't
interact with this girl much but we can
sort of form
fantasies of people in our mind
and i do think that that's a problem
right
that's not actually who the person is
it's just the fantasy that you build in
your mind
and i think it's really interesting how
quickly that happens and how hard it is
to realize that this is not a real
person that i'm falling in love with
this is my idea of a person she would be
like this and it would be like this
and it would be like this but at the
same time bro
don't give up on love because like
i mean you know i think if you look at
stories throughout the history of
humanity
like one itis is pretty [ __ ] epic man
do i think it's damaging do i think
people get obsessive is it problematic
does it help you not grow absolutely
i don't think that you should sacrifice
yourself
for the sake of someone that you have
one itis for
and at the same time like don't give up
man
i'd say with this particular girl if you
run across her again and like
try to have a conversation with her and
like maybe ask her out
i'm not trying to like throw you back
into the throes of juanitas but
you know if if life gives you a chance
i'd say take a shot man
and in the meantime just try to be human
i don't think
i i i recognize that you have a feeling
inside you that
you are an alien amongst humans i don't
think you're as much of an alien as you
you feel you are deep down inside i know
you
know you're not but that feeling is
there and recognize that that's just a
feeling
it's like a hold over it's a scar
from what happened to you when you were
younger and we have scars from the past
but they're not
actually like the same wounds right they
heal and they leave a mark but like
you're actually a pretty cool guy
and it's like i mean you're just kind of
a chat if you know how to break dance
and you've got eight thousand dollars
lying around for dating coaching like i
think you're actually in a pretty good
spot
you know and so the last thing that i'd
say alex is like like
give people the gift of who you are
let them get to know you and
and if they don't like what they see
that's that's up to them
but right now what i see is that you try
to be someone that you're not
you try to advertise yourself as is
someone that you're not
you try to advertise yourself based on
what a lot of other people have told you
hey here's how you advertise yourself
but here's the thing about this whole
like pickup artist methodology
when you try something on 300 women it
doesn't work
i'm really confused as a scientist how
you think that's an effective method
right and if all of these people are
saying hey you got to do this with a
thousand women before you get the hang
of it like what
maybe you're doing it wrong you know
it's like
hey man like you gotta cook like a
thousand
bowls of pasta before it's out of it's
like hold on a second man
maybe you should try cooking it in water
instead of sticking gets straight into a
dry pot like maybe you're doing
something wrong
and what i found works alex
and and maybe this is arrogant for me to
say is just be yourself
and then like let them decide right like
because
women are the deciders in the sexual
marketplace
so advertise your wares and let them
pick don't be someone that you're not
and don't try to be something that
you think you should be
like if you want to grow as a human
being grow as a human being and and like
the
women who are interested in that will
show up and those are probably the ones
that you want you don't want a relation
uh
this also presumes that you want a
relationship but i think relationships
built on false pretenses don't end up
well
you've shown me enough that that makes
me think that there's something there
that's like
worth you know something within you
that's worth something i think there's
gold
there's like gold on the outside
lead in the middle and then gold
underneath
and so just get to that part like just
be who you are man because you seem like
a resilient
driven you know like thoughtful guy
who knows how to break dance and has a
pretty sweet place
your place looks pretty cool man oh
thanks man
any last thoughts or questions before we
wrap up or switch to meditation
um no questions but yeah i definitely
would like to thank you uh for the help
sure when do i get my chat yeah i
covered
how much how much should i charge for my
this service
i'm trolling media yeah i'm glad you
found it useful
um do you do you feel like meditating
um sure okay do you have any experience
with meditation
i mean i do it like like an hour over an
hour a day
oh wow do you want to tell us what you
do
look at this chad thundercock right here
like what i do with a meditation yeah
you want to teach us
yeah basically what i do is i like um
first i uh
observe my thoughts for like uh 40
minutes and then i go into like
a uh like a visualization related
practice
and also some days like like after i do
that meditation
i go um do this other
like hypnosis related thing
right before bed okay
let me think about what i want to teach
you so basically what my focus is is i
i really just do it to like help gain
more reports like
my subconscious mind
would okay what does that mean rapport
with your subconscious mind
[Music]
and i don't really meditate like just
like stop thinking just like
just like become more aware of like
fewer parts of yourself like you get a
thought like like you just watch it like
i've also
also like listened to a lot of like uh
eckhart tolle
that cartel was good yep so yeah
stuff like that okay so let me think
about what do we want to teach you
okay let me ask you a question so i see
that you have a mirror
in by your bed do you have a portable
mirror
okay so i i've got a good idea so for
those of y'all at home if you guys have
a phone a camera or a mirror
so you you see my face
right uh
alex you see my face oh yeah yeah okay
so this is what i want you to do okay so
i want you guys to get your phone ready
what we're gonna do is just look at
ourselves
and just watch what happens when you see
yourself
okay so i want you to look for i'm going
to ask you
in a second do you see a big version of
yourself don't do it yet
so what i want you to notice alex is
that there's going to be
a reaction and just try to find it
so now make yourself bigger can you do
that can you see yourself
i can like see my face yeah so so like
make like maximize it
or like you know look in a cell phone
camera or something like yeah right
and maximize the screen yeah so can you
see like a big version of your face
yeah speaker okay so just look at it
and tell me what you see
you don't have to tell me just just
notice what you see
i try to find that cringe when you look
at yourself
and notice okay so just notice that
where does that come from
you don't have to answer just notice
within yourself where does this arise
so what literally you're doing is your
eyes are just seeing a picture of a
person
that's all that it is there's no cringe
so now what i want you to do is notice
the physical form
and try to separate the physical form
from
your judgment
there's eyes there's a nose there's
headphones
there's a blue shirt a hoodie
that's what you see but your mind
adds something on to that there's a
reaction
to the physical form that you see does
that make sense
where does that reaction come from
do you have any idea you can answer if
you have a sense
where does the feeling of cringe come
from
and i kind of like feel it's um like
bubbling up from like
somewhere else yep that makes any sense
it makes a lot of sense
so try to track it to its source where
do you feel it bubbling up from
close your eyes
where is that sense coming from
all right you said all right
what did you notice
like i like kind of like became the
observer then
like i like i noticed like the uh
thought
form or like the feeling just like
appearing there i like watch it
so where does it appear from
i'm not sure like answer that like just
like i don't know where
good does it come from somewhere
i'm not sure okay good
okay alex open your
eyes take away number one
can you see me come back
okay so take away number one
first thing that you've got to
understand the feeling of cringe
does not come from your appearance it
doesn't come
from the thing that you see does that
make sense
yes ergo this is something i want you to
understand because i don't think you
really get this yet you have to feel it
in the moment
when someone sees you they don't get
something that bubbles up
the bubbling up is coming from you it's
not coming from your face
it's not an objective fact it's a
subjective feeling
once you understand this it's going to
transform your interactions with women
and other people they can't see
they can't feel the cringe
because it bubbles up from somewhere
else that they can't they literally
cannot see
it does not come from your indriyas or
your sense organs
it doesn't come from your eyes
it comes from somewhere within you
so like what you show them
is what they'll react to and then the
second thing is does it come from
anywhere at all does it truly have a
foundation
that's the second question that you need
to answer
if you can find a foundation then you
can work on it
more bizarrely if it comes from nowhere
and is sort of completely random and is
basically an
echo in your mind
of a time long past why do you let it
inform
your identity of who you are today
so either it comes from somewhere or it
doesn't these are the questions that you
need to answer
and if you do i think i think your luck
with women will change
oh definitely okay
good luck man thanks for thanks for
holding the uh
the staple for so long
oh yeah thanks thank you for uh like all
the advice
yeah man good luck seriously man i wish
you all the best
all right bye bye
you